           SPELL=positron
         VERSION=1.0
         SOURCE=$SPELL-$VERSION.tar.gz
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-$VERSION
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://www.xiph.org/positron/files/source/$SOURCE
     SOURCE_HASH=sha512:0d5f1c372d36b47d2944da603008ff9cc3867ec2c8f919039dba59b91c9fb7bf48b9bb2ce4a082d417a39b5da91bbe98a656a649c2b9ed7d4ef111c1ce72247e
      LICENSE[0]=UNKNOWN
        WEB_SITE=http://www.xiph.org/positron/
      MAINTAINER=charkins@pobox.com
         ENTERED=20030703
         UPDATED=20030703
        KEYWORDS="players audio"
           SHORT="command line synchronization software for Neuros digital audio computer"
cat << EOF
Positron is a synchronization tool for the Neuros portable music
player (http://www.neurosaudio.com).  Positron allows you to
individually add and delete tracks from a Neuros, as well as
synchronize it with a directory tree of music.

Copyright (c) 2003, Xiph.org Foundation

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

- Neither the name of the Xiph.org Foundation nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

EOF
