           SPELL=pear-xml_htmlsax
    PEAR_PACKAGE=XML_HTMLSax
         VERSION=2.1.2
     SOURCE_HASH='sha512:5c116f9d0be9cae8024e767d85a700f98759dc1fe31685fcb4bfa75395300e8ffdb4f902779f8e9a916be8c4d2d5c70160367a4d4353ea56cf3fbe19d45f8aa0'
         UPDATED=20050408
      LICENSE[0]=PHP
           SHORT='PEAR: A SAX based parser for HTML and XML'
cat << EOF
XML_HTMLSax is a SAX based XML parser for badly
formed XML documents, such as HTML.
The original code base was developed by
Alexander Zhukov and published at
http://sourceforge.net/projects/phpshelve/.
Alexander kindly gave permission to modify the
code and license for inclusion in PEAR.

PEAR::XML_HTMLSax provides an API very similar
to the native PHP Expat extension, allowing
handlers using one to be easily adapted to the
other. The key difference is HTMLSax will not
break on badly formed XML, allowing it to be
used for parsing HTML documents. Otherwise
HTMLSax supports all the handlers available from
Expat except namespace and external entity
handlers. Provides methods for handling XML
escapes as well as JSP/ASP opening and close
tags.

Version 2 has had it's internals completely
overhauled to use a Lexer, delivering
performance *approaching* that of the native XML
extension, as well as a radically improved,
modular design that makes adding further
functionality easy.

The public API has remained the same as older
versions, except for the set_option() method,
the available options having been renamed.
Additional options are now also available, which
allow HTMLSax to behave almost exactly like the
native Expat extension. For example if the
contents of XML elements contain linefeeds, tabs
and XML entities, HTMLSax can be instructed to
trigger additional data handler calls.

A big thanks to Jeff Moore (lead developer of
WACT: http://wact.sourceforge.net) who's largely
responsible for new design, as well input from
other members at Sitepoint's Advanced PHP
forums:
http://www.sitepointforums.com/showthread.php?th
readid=121246.

Thanks also to Marcus Baker (lead developer of
SimpleTest:
http://www.lastcraft.com/simple_test.php) for
sorting out the unit tests.
EOF

source $SECTION_DIRECTORY/PEAR_DETAILS
