           SPELL=lout
         VERSION=3.17
          SOURCE=$SPELL-$VERSION.tar.gz
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-$VERSION
   SOURCE_URL[0]=ftp://ftp.cs.usyd.edu.au/jeff/lout/$SOURCE
   SOURCE_URL[1]=ftp://ftp.ptc.spbu.ru/pub/textproc/lout/$SOURCE
   SOURCE_URL[2]=ftp://ftp.sunet.se/pub/text-processing/lout/lout/$SOURCE
   SOURCE_URL[3]=ftp://sunsite.dk/mirrors/lout/lout/$SOURCE
   SOURCE_URL[4]=ftp://ftp.wu-wien.ac.at/pub/Netizens/jeff/lout/$SOURCE
          MD5[0]=b3523e996b5d3a23d4e95fc2662eb44b
        WEB_SITE=http://snark.ptc.spbu.ru/~uwe/lout/
         ENTERED=20020507
         UPDATED=20020507
         LICENSE=GLP
           SHORT="Lout is a type setting system"
cat << EOF
Lout is a document formatting system designed and implemented by Jeffrey
Kingston at the Basser Department of Computer Science, University of Sydney,
Australia.

The system reads a high-level description of a document similar in style to
LaTeX and produces a PostScript file which can be printed on most laser
printers and graphic display devices. Plain text and PDF (starting from version
3.12) output are also available.

Lout is inherently multilingual. Adding new languages is easy. The following
languages are currently supported (in alphabetical order): Czech, Danish,
Dutch, English, Finnish, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Norwegian, Polish,
Portuguese, Russian, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish.

The following excerpt is copied verbatim from the blurb that comes with Lout
distribution:

Lout offers an unprecedented range of advanced features, including optimal
paragraph breaking, automatic hyphenation, PostScript EPS file inclusion and
generation, equation formatting, tables, diagrams, rotation and scaling, sorted
indexes, bibliographic databases, running headers and odd-even pages, automatic
cross referencing, multilingual documents including hyphenation (most European
languages are supported, including Russian), formatting of C/C++ programs, and
much more, all ready to use. Furthermore, Lout is easily extended with
definitions which are very much easier to write than troff of TeX macros
because Lout is a high-level language, the outcome of an eight-year research
project that went back to the beginning. 
EOF
