           SPELL=kino
         VERSION=0.7.5
          SOURCE=${SPELL}-${VERSION}.tar.gz
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=${BUILD_DIRECTORY}/${SPELL}-${VERSION}
   SOURCE_URL[0]=${SOURCEFORGE_URL}/${SPELL}/${SOURCE}
          MD5[0]='493dd9551bfc64837e52a388d1b7eb6a'
      LICENSE[0]=GPL
        WEB_SITE=http://kino.schirmacher.de
         ENTERED=20020812
         UPDATED=20041031
           SHORT="digital video editor for GNOME"
cat << EOF

Kino is a non-linear DV editor for GNU/Linux. It features 
excellent integration with IEEE-1394 for capture, VTR 
control, and recording back to the camera. It captures 
video to disk in RawDV and AVI format, in both type-1 DV 
and type-2 DV (separate audio stream) encodings.

You can load multiple video clips, cut and paste portions 
of video/audio, and save it to an edit decision list (SMIL 
XML format). Most edit and navigation commands are mapped 
to equivalent vi key commands. Also, Kino can load movies 
and export the composite movie in a number of formats: DV 
over IEEE 1394, Raw DV, DV AVI, still frames, WAV, MP3, 
Ogg Vorbis, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, and DivX. Still frame export 
uses Imlib1, which has built-in support for PPM, JPEG, 
PNG, TIFF, GIF, and whatever your ImageMagick installation 
supports. MP3 requires lame. Ogg Vorbis requires oggenc. 
MPEG-1, MPEG-2, and DivX require mjpegtools 1.6.0. RPM and 
Debian packages as well as tarballs are available.

Current release
The current release introduces an experimental fx module, 
which is accessed from the FX tab in the main window. It 
provides some basic audio and video fx such as importing, 
filters and transitions for audio and video. It also 
provides some basic plug-in functionality to allow third 
party extension.

Currently, Kino does not support other video file formats 
or encodings. It does not support multiple layers or 
tracks of video and audio. We plan to implement most of 
these features, but first we chose to focus on the basics 
of IEEE-1394, video, audio, and file input and output. We 
place a lot of emphasis on quality, stability, 
performance, and workflow. 
EOF
