           SPELL=dnsmasq
         VERSION=1.8
          SOURCE=$SPELL-$VERSION.tar.gz
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-$VERSION
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://www.thekelleys.org.uk/dnsmasq/$SOURCE
        WEB_SITE=http://www.thekelleys.org.uk/dnsmasq/doc.html
         ENTERED=20020225
         UPDATED=20020906
             MD5=be265fd25234c6495ba5868b0026c055
         LICENSE=GPL
      MAINTAINER=insomniac@japh.nl
           SHORT="dnsmasq is small nameserver"

cat << EOF

Dnsmasq is small utility designed to provide DNS (domain name) services to a 
small network connected to the internet via a NAT (network address translation, 
AKA ip-masquerade) firewall and a modem, cable-modem or ADSL connection. 
Since a NAT firewall will pass DNS queries it's perfectly possible for all the 
machines on such a network to be configured to talk directly to the ISP's name 
server, and the HOWTO recommends doing exactly that. The advantages of using 
dnsmasq instead are: 

The dns configuration of machines behind the firewall is simple and doesn't 
depend on the details of the ISP's dns servers 

Clients which try to do DNS lookups while a modem link to the internet is down 
will time out immediately. 

Dnsmasq will serve names from the /etc/hosts file on the firewall machine: If 
the names of local machines are there, then they can all be addressed without 
having to maintain /etc/hosts on each machine. 

Dnsmasq will serve names from the DHCP leases file on the firewall machine: If 
machines specify a hostname when they take out a DHCP lease, then they are 
addressable in the local DNS. 

Dnsmasq caches internet addresses (A records and AAAA records) and 
address-to-name mappings (PTR records), reducing the load on upsteam servers and 
improving performance (especially on modem connections). From version 0.95 the 
cache honours time-to-live information and removes old records as they expire. 
From version 0.996 dnsmasq does negative caching. From version 1.2 dnsmasq 
supports IPv6 addresses, both in its cache and in /etc/hosts. 

Dnsmasq can be configured to automatically pick up the addresses of it's upstream 
nameservers from ppp or dhcp configuration. It will automatically reload this 
information of it changes. This facility will be of particular interest to 
maintainer of Linux firewall distributions since it allows dns configuration 
to be made automatic. 

On IPv6-enabled boxes, dnsmasq can both talk to upstream servers via IPv6 and 
offer DNS service via IPv6. On dual-stack (IPv4 and IPv6) boxes it talks both 
protocols and can even act as IPv6-to-IPv4 or IPv4-to-IPv6 forwarder. 
      
Dnsmasq has one further feature; it can be configured to return an MX record for 
the firewall host. This makes it easy to configure the mailer on the local 
machines to forward all mail to the central mailer on the firewall host. Never 
lose root messages from your machines again!
       
EOF
