           SPELL=rekall
       BUILD_API=2
#if [ "$DEVEL" == "y" ]; then
         VERSION=2.4.0
     SOURCE_HASH=sha512:83ac404c3699fb19e04177f983c6e6f9e912e0f33c1f8a2936f304b49933eaf08bbdcb9b5ec35192adee299101b41df893c99d92f40a54ab117f535312234491
#else
#         VERSION=2.2.3-2
#fi
          SOURCE=$SPELL-$VERSION.tar.gz
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-${VERSION//-2/}
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://www.rekallrevealed.org/packages/$SOURCE
        WEB_SITE=http://www.rekallrevealed.org/
      LICENSE[0]=GPL
         ENTERED=20031119
         UPDATED=20031119
           SHORT="a Qt or KDE-based database front-end"
cat << EOF

Rekall is a database front-end.  It is not itself a database -- data is stored
somewhere else, in an SQL server, and Rekall is fundamentally just a tool to
extract, display and update that data (of course, it does lots more than that,
it does forms and reports and scripting and so on).  It is database agnostic,
and does not have any preferred database in the sense that Access® uses the
Jet® database engine.

Currently, Rekall supports the following database formats:
  *  MySQL
  *  PostgreSQL
  *  XBase with XBSQL (an SQL wrapper library for the XBase access library)
  *  IBM DB2
  *  ODBC

Please note the ODBC and DB2 drivers are not included in the standard edition
of Rekall; they have to be purchased separately.  Also you will need a fully
licensed copy of the Database Server for the selected driver.

Rekall can do all the things that you would expect of a database front-end (or
if it can't, let us know!).  You can design and use forms and reports,
construct database queries, and import and export data in several different
formats (actually, you can copy data -- import is just copy file to table, and
export is just copy table to file).

Rekall can be scripted using the the Python language.  You can arrange that a
script is executed when various events occur (for instance, when the user
changes the value of a control).  Scripts can be associated directly with the
event, but you can also store scripts in script modules for more general use.

And, of course, you have full access to all the modules that are available for
Python.  Plus, Rekall has an integrated Python debugger, and uses our own
tkcEditor to support syntax highlighting.

EOF
