           SPELL=faces
         VERSION=0.7.1
     SOURCE_HASH='sha512:0be3a146dd35e907ba32b5a7972da7fd434fdf25c6f95c704e2b6632e46e7762fac33d518908241015172af42ac2dbf5f48d8bb7722452cb4f4ac58255960dc9'
          SOURCE=$SPELL-pm-$VERSION.tar.gz
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-pm-$VERSION
   SOURCE_URL[0]=$SOURCEFORGE_URL/faces-project/$SOURCE
        WEB_SITE=http://$SPELL.homeip.net/
         ENTERED=20050707
         UPDATED=20050707
      LICENSE[0]=GPL
       BUILD_API=2
     GATHER_DOCS=off
           SHORT='Faces is a powerful, flexible and free projectmanagment tool'
cat << EOF
Faces stands for flexible, automated, calculating, extendible, simulating.
Faces is based on python, an easy to learn and powerful programming language.
Projects in faces are simple python programs, which can be edited by the
graphical front-end or your favorite text editor. The comfortable auto
completion function enables you to input many tasks very fast and restructure
them afterwards.

Faces combines the maturity of a shrink-wrapped product with the flexibility of
an individual software.

Faces is designed to be easily extendible to custom needs (e.g. adding new
custom fields to tasks is a breeze). The whole power of python can easily be
used to generate all kinds of output, to change the scheduling behavior or to
modify the graphical front-end.

Faces is divided in a class framework and a graphical front-end. Faces project
files use the class framework and can act as stand-alone programs. You can use
them to generate your reports without the graphical front end. Therefore the
report generation process can be automated, for example to update a web-report
periodically.

Faces enables you to save snapshots of your projects to track the changes while
progressing and compare them to your initial planning.

With faces you your risks can be seized and simulated in different scenarios.
It is possible to build and evaluate several planning alternatives.

In faces you are able to use a common resource database and to balance your
resources simultaneously over multiple projects. It is also possible to generate
summary reports of multiple projects.

With faces you can build your own knowledge-base for reusing experiences of
former projects and improve your planning.

Faces supports several methods for estimating projects, e.g. faces has special
support for the delphi estimation method.

In faces you are able to register the performed efforts and compare them to the
planned efforts. The real and planed costs can be tracked to create a cost
profit analysis of your projects.

Documentattion is available here: http://faces.homeip.net/book/.
EOF
