         VERSION=0.18.0
     SOURCE_HASH='sha512:2be5c8b77aa69785660bf140eeb8b0a00c8e6f735f3ff4b284475ba98e39699e2078a8b86b2151b2f5c32f81b23d387a193963e57975cb88609c36da71f87c8f'
         UPDATED=20051125
           SPELL=pear-xml_serializer
    PEAR_PACKAGE=XML_Serializer
        WEB_SITE=http://pear.php.net/package/XML_Serializer/
      LICENSE[0]=PHP
        KEYWORDS="xml php"
           SHORT='PEAR: Swiss-army knive for reading and writing XML'
cat << EOF
XML_Serializer serializes complex data
structures like arrays or object as XML
documents.
This class helps you generating any XML
document you require without the need for DOM.
Furthermore this package can be used as a
replacement to serialize() and unserialize() as
it comes with a matching XML_Unserializer that
is able to create PHP data structures (like
arrays and objects) from XML documents, if type
hints are available.
If you use the XML_Unserializer on standard XML
files, it will try to guess how it has to be
unserialized. In most cases it does exactly
what you expect it to do.
Try reading a RSS file with XML_Unserializer
and you have the whole RSS file in a structured
array or even a collection of objects, similar
to XML_RSS.
Since version 0.8.0 the package is able to
treat XML documents similar to the simplexml
extension of PHP 5.
EOF

source  $SECTION_DIRECTORY/PEAR_DETAILS
