           SPELL=lincvs
         VERSION=0.9.90
          SOURCE=$SPELL-$VERSION-0-generic-src.tar.gz
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-$VERSION
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://$SPELL.sunsite.dk/download/$SPELL/$SPELL-$VERSION/$SPELL-$VERSION-0-generic-src.tgz
          MD5[0]=9a3d1be5cafedabc1580ac132de4f09d
      LICENSE[0]=GPL
        WEB_SITE=http://www.lincvs.org
         ENTERED=20020221
         UPDATED=20020403
      MAINTAINER="i.krabbe@dokom.net"
           SHORT="Nice graphical frontend to cvs."
cat << EOF
CVS (Concurrent Versions System) is a command-line program allowing to manage
ASCII files that may be changed by different users on a network (Local or Wide
Area). Applications are the development of ASCII text based files (i.e.
programs, websites, tex-files etc.) by multiple programmers working
independently. Typically CVS is installed at one computer acting as CVS-server
and a couple of others that are CVS-clients. The functionality of the CVS
server includes the storage of the current versions, the merge of changes to
the last version (by comparison of a version ?checked in? by a programmer using
the CVS-client)and the synchronization of the server modules and the ones that
are actually present at the different local sites of each programmer. LinCVS
acts as a reliable (!) graphical frontend for the CVS-client supporting both
CVS-versions 1.9 and 1.10, perhaps even older ones.... It allows to check out a
module from and import of a module to a repository, to update or retrieve the
status of a working directory or single files and common operations like add,
remove and commit, diff against the repository or view of the log messages in
list form.  In contrast to other programs this one is REALLY easy to use ;-) . 
 
After selection of a start directory, the program allows to automatically find
all CVS projects contained in sub directories using the ?Project-Explorer?, and
enables the user to add them and displays the corresponding tree on the
?workbench?. All features can be accessed by pull down menus or a simple click
on the right mouse button and may be applied to both single/multiple files or
complete trees. 
EOF
