           SPELL=gok
         VERSION=1.0.3
	  BRANCH=`echo $VERSION|cut -d . -f 1,2`
          SOURCE=$SPELL-$VERSION.tar.bz2
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-$VERSION
   SOURCE_URL[0]=$GNOME_URL/sources/$SPELL/$BRANCH/$SOURCE
          MD5[0]='c9293eac0b23015d8e5ece4e0120f64c'
      LICENSE[0]=GPL
       BUILD_API=2
        WEB_SITE=http://www.gnome.org
         ENTERED=20020909
         UPDATED=20050323
           SHORT="GNOME On-screen Keyboard (GOK)"
cat << EOF
The GNOME On-screen Keyboard (GOK) is a dynamic on-screen keyboard for
UNIX and UNIX-like operating systems.  It features Direct Selection,
Dwell Selection, Automatic Scanning and Inverse Scanning access
methods and includes word completion.
                                                                                                              
GOK includes an alphanumeric keyboard and a keyboard for launching
applications.  Keyboards are specified in XML enabling existing
keyboards to be modified and new keyboards to be created.  The access
methods are also specified in XML providing the ability to modify
existing access methods and create new ones.
                                                                                                              
GOK is not limited to presenting keyboards that have been designed by
hand and is able to dynamically create keyboards so that it can adapt
to the user's current situation.  GOK is able to redisplay components
of the user interfaces of running applications directly within GOK as
keyboards.  This provides efficient access to elements of the user
interface, removing the need to navigate the interface indirectly
though keyboard accelerators.  GOK supports the redisplay of
application menus and toolbars.  GOK contains a window activator
keyboard that lists the current windows on the desktop and provides
the ability to switch between them.
                                                                                                              
Users have the option of setting key width, height, and spacing as
well as visual and auditory feedback on highlighting and selection.
                                                                                                              
GOK can be further customized if you have programming skills, and
contributions are welcome.  If you build GOK from source, you will
find some documentation about Gok's internal APIs the
gok/docs/reference/html directory.
EOF
