af_ZA/ISO-8859-1	Afrikaans language for South Africa
af_ZA/UTF-8	Afrikaans language for South Africa
ar_AE/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language locale for United Arab Emerites
ar_AE/UTF-8	Arabic language locale for United Arab Emerites
ar_BH/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language locale for Bahrein
ar_BH/UTF-8	Arabic language locale for Bahrein
ar_DZ/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language local for Algeria
ar_DZ/UTF-8	Arabic language local for Algeria
ar_EG/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language locale for Egypt
ar_EG/UTF-8	Arabic language locale for Egypt
ar_IN/UTF-8		Arabic language locale for India
ar_IQ/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language locale for Iraq
ar_IQ/UTF-8	Arabic language locale for Iraq
ar_JO/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language local for Jordan
ar_JO/UTF-8	Arabic language local for Jordan
ar_KW/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language local for Kuwait
ar_KW/UTF-8	Arabic language local for Kuwait
ar_LB/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language locale for Lebanon
ar_LB/UTF-8	Arabic language locale for Lebanon
ar_LY/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language locale for Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
ar_LY/UTF-8	Arabic language locale for Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
ar_MA/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language locale for Morocco
ar_MA/UTF-8	Arabic language locale for Morocco
ar_OM/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language locale for Oman
ar_OM/UTF-8	Arabic language locale for Oman
ar_QA/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language locale for Qatar
ar_QA/UTF-8	Arabic language locale for Qatar
ar_SA/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language locale for Saudi Arabia
ar_SA/UTF-8	Arabic language locale for Saudi Arabia
ar_SD/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language local for Sudan
ar_SD/UTF-8	Arabic language local for Sudan
ar_SY/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language local for Syrian Arab Republic
ar_SY/UTF-8	Arabic language local for Syrian Arab Republic
ar_TN/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language local for Tuisia
ar_TN/UTF-8	Arabic language local for Tuisia
ar_YE/ISO-8859-6	Arabic language local for Yemen
ar_YE/UTF-8	Arabic language local for Yemen
be_BY/CP1251		Belarusian language local for Belarus
be_BY/UTF-8		Belarusian language local for Belarus
bg_BG/CP1251		Bulgarian language locale for Bulgaria
bg_BG/UTF-8		Bulgarian language locale for Bulgaria
br_FR/ISO-8859-1	Breton language locale for France
br_FR/UTF-8	Breton language locale for France
bs_BA/ISO-8859-2	Bosnia language locale for Bosnia and Herzegowina
bs_BA/UTF-8	Bosnia language locale for Bosnia and Herzegowina
ca_ES@euro/ISO-8859-15	Catalan language locale for Catalonia with Euro
ca_ES@euro/UTF-8	Catalan language locale for Catalonia with Euro
ca_ES/ISO-8859-1	Catalan language locale for Catalonia
ca_ES/UTF-8	Catalan language locale for Catalonia
cs_CZ/ISO-8859-2	Czech language locale for Czech
cs_CZ/UTF-8	Czech language locale for Czech
cy_GB/ISO-8859-14	Welsh language locale for Great Britain
cy_GB/UTF-8	Welsh language locale for Great Britain
da_DK/ISO-8859-1	Danish language locale for Denmark
da_DK/UTF-8	Danish language locale for Denmark
de_AT@euro/ISO-8859-15	German language locale for Austria with Euro
de_AT@euro/UTF-8	German language locale for Austria with Euro
de_AT/ISO-8859-1	German language locale for Austria
de_AT/UTF-8	German language locale for Austria
de_BE@euro/ISO-8859-15	German language locale for Belgium with Euro
de_BE@euro/UTF-8	German language locale for Belgium with Euro
de_BE/ISO-8859-1	German language locale for Belgium
de_BE/UTF-8	German language locale for Belgium
de_CH/ISO-8859-1	German language locale for Switzerland
de_CH/UTF-8	German language locale for Switzerland
de_DE@euro/ISO-8859-15	German language locale for Germany with Euro
de_DE@euro/UTF-8	German language locale for Germany with Euro
de_DE/ISO-8859-1	German language locale for Germany
de_DE/UTF-8	German language locale for Germany
de_LU@euro/ISO-8859-15	German language locale for Luxemburg with Euro
de_LU@euro/UTF-8	German language locale for Luxemburg with Euro
de_LU/ISO-8859-1	German language locale for Luxemburg
de_LU/UTF-8	German language locale for Luxemburg
el_GR@euro/ISO-8859-15	Greek language locale for Greece with Euro
el_GR@euro/UTF-8	Greek language locale for Greece with Euro
el_GR/ISO-8859-7	Greek language locale for Greece
el_GR/UTF-8	Greek language locale for Greece
en_AU/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for Australia
en_AU/UTF-8	English language locale for Australia
en_BW/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for Botswana
en_BW/UTF-8	English language locale for Botswana
en_CA/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for Canada
en_CA/UTF-8	English language locale for Canada
en_DK/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for Denmark
en_DK/UTF-8	English language locale for Denmark
en_GB/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for Britain
en_GB/UTF-8	English language locale for Britain
en_HK/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for Hong Kong
en_HK/UTF-8	English language locale for Hong Kong
en_IE@euro/ISO-8859-15	English language locale for Ireland with Euro
en_IE@euro/UTF-8	English language locale for Ireland with Euro
en_IE/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for Ireland
en_IE/UTF-8	English language locale for Ireland
en_IN/UTF-8		English language locale for India
en_NZ/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for New Zeland
en_NZ/UTF-8	English language locale for New Zeland
en_PH/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for Philippines
en_PH/UTF-8	English language locale for Philippines
en_SG/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for Singapore
en_SG/UTF-8	English language locale for Singapore
en_US/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for USA
en_US/UTF-8	English language locale for USA
en_ZA/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for South Africa
en_ZA/UTF-8	English language locale for South Africa
en_ZW/ISO-8859-1	English language locale for Zimbabwe
en_ZW/UTF-8	English language locale for Zimbabwe
es_AR/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Argentina
es_AR/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Argentina
es_BO/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Bolva
es_BO/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Bolva
es_CL/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Chile
es_CL/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Chile
es_CO/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Colombia
es_CO/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Colombia
es_CR/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Costa Rica
es_CR/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Costa Rica
es_DO/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Dominican Republic
es_DO/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Dominican Republic
es_EC/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Equador
es_EC/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Equador
es_ES@euro/ISO-8859-15	Spanish language locale for Spain with Euro
es_ES@euro/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Spain with Euro
es_ES/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Spain
es_ES/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Spain
es_GT/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Guatemala
es_GT/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Guatemala
es_HN/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Honduras
es_HN/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Honduras
es_MX/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Mexico
es_MX/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Mexico
es_NI/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Nicaragua
es_NI/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Nicaragua
es_PA/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Panama
es_PA/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Panama
es_PE/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Peru
es_PE/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Peru
es_PR/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Peurto Rico
es_PR/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Peurto Rico
es_PY/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Paraguay
es_PY/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Paraguay
es_SV/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for El Salvador
es_SV/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for El Salvador
es_US/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for USA
es_US/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for USA
es_UY/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Uruguay
es_UY/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Uruguay
es_VE/ISO-8859-1	Spanish language locale for Venezuela
es_VE/UTF-8	Spanish language locale for Venezuela
et_EE/ISO-8859-1	Estonian language locale for Estonia
et_EE/UTF-8	Estonian language locale for Estonia
eu_ES@euro/ISO-8859-15	Basque lanaguge locale for Spain with Euro
eu_ES@euro/UTF-8	Basque lanaguge locale for Spain with Euro
eu_ES/ISO-8859-1	Basque language locale for Spain
eu_ES/UTF-8	Basque language locale for Spain
fa_IR/UTF-8		Persian language locale for Iran
fi_FI@euro/ISO-8859-15	Finnish language locale for Finland with Euro
fi_FI@euro/UTF-8	Finnish language locale for Finland with Euro
fi_FI/ISO-8859-1	Finnish language locale for Finland
fi_FI/UTF-8	Finnish language locale for Finland
fo_FO/ISO-8859-1	Faroese language locale for Faroe Islands
fo_FO/UTF-8	Faroese language locale for Faroe Islands
fr_BE@euro/ISO-8859-15	French language locale for Belgium with Euro
fr_BE@euro/UTF-8	French language locale for Belgium with Euro
fr_BE/ISO-8859-1	French language locale for Belgium
fr_BE/UTF-8	French language locale for Belgium
fr_CA/ISO-8859-1	French language locale for Canada
fr_CA/UTF-8	French language locale for Canada
fr_CH/ISO-8859-1	French language locale for Switzerland
fr_CH/UTF-8	French language locale for Switzerland
fr_FR@euro/ISO-8859-15	French language locale for France with Euro
fr_FR@euro/UTF-8	French language locale for France with Euro
fr_FR/ISO-8859-1	French language locale for France
fr_FR/UTF-8	French language locale for France
fr_LU@euro/ISO-8859-15	French language locale for Luxemburg with Euro
fr_LU@euro/UTF-8	French language locale for Luxemburg with Euro
fr_LU/ISO-8859-1	French language locale for Luxemburg
fr_LU/UTF-8	French language locale for Luxemburg
ga_IE@euro/ISO-8859-15	Irish language locale for Ireland with Euro
ga_IE@euro/UTF-8	Irish language locale for Ireland with Euro
ga_IE/ISO-8859-1	Irish language locale for Ireland
ga_IE/UTF-8	Irish language locale for Ireland
gd_GB/ISO-8859-15	Scots Gaelic language locale for Great Britain
gd_GB/UTF-8	Scots Gaelic language locale for Great Britain
gl_ES@euro/ISO-8859-15	Galician language locale for Spain with Euro
gl_ES@euro/UTF-8	Galician language locale for Spain with Euro
gl_ES/ISO-8859-1	Galician language locale for Spain
gl_ES/UTF-8	Galician language locale for Spain
gv_GB/ISO-8859-1	Manx Gaelic locale for Britain
gv_GB/UTF-8	Manx Gaelic locale for Britain
he_IL/ISO-8859-8	Hebrew language locale for Israel
he_IL/UTF-8	Hebrew language locale for Israel
hi_IN/UTF-8		Hindi language locale for India
hr_HR/ISO-8859-2	Croatian language locale for Croatia
hr_HR/UTF-8	Croatian language locale for Croatia
hu_HU/ISO-8859-2	Hungarian language locale for Hungary
hu_HU/UTF-8	Hungarian language locale for Hungary
id_ID/ISO-8859-1	Indonesian language for Indonesia
id_ID/UTF-8	Indonesian language for Indonesia
is_IS/ISO-8859-1	Icelandic language locale for Iceland
is_IS/UTF-8	Icelandic language locale for Iceland
it_CH/ISO-8859-1	Italian language locale for Switzerland
it_CH/UTF-8	Italian language locale for Switzerland
it_IT@euro/ISO-8859-15	Italian language locale for Italy with Euro
it_IT@euro/UTF-8	Italian language locale for Italy with Euro
it_IT/ISO-8859-1	Italian language locale for Italy
it_IT/UTF-8	Italian language locale for Italy
iw_IL/ISO-8859-8	Hebrew language locale for Israel
iw_IL/UTF-8	Hebrew language locale for Israel
ja_JP/EUC-JP		Japanese language locale for Japan
ja_JP/UTF-8		Japanese language locale for Japan
ka_GE/GEORGIAN-PS	Georgian language locale for Georgia
ka_GE/UTF-8	Georgian language locale for Georgia
kl_GL/ISO-8859-1	Greenlandic language locale for Greenland
kl_GL/UTF-8	Greenlandic language locale for Greenland
ko_KR/EUC-KR		Korean language locale for Republic of Korea
ko_KR/UTF-8		Korean language locale for Republic of Korea
kw_GB/ISO-8859-1	Cornish language locale for Britain
kw_GB/UTF-8	Cornish language locale for Britain
lt_LT/ISO-8859-13	Lithuanian language locale for Lithuania
lt_LT/UTF-8	Lithuanian language locale for Lithuania
lv_LV/ISO-8859-13	Latvian language locale for Latvia
lv_LV/UTF-8	Latvian language locale for Latvia
mi_NZ/ISO-8859-13	Maori language locale for New Zeland
mi_NZ/UTF-8	Maori language locale for New Zeland
mk_MK/ISO-8859-5	Macedonian locale for Macedonia
mk_MK/UTF-8	Macedonian locale for Macedonia
mr_IN/UTF-8		Marathi language locale for India
ms_MY/ISO-8859-1	Malay language locale for Malaysia
ms_MY/UTF-8	Malay language locale for Malaysia
mt_MT/ISO-8859-3	Maltese language locale for Malta
mt_MT/UTF-8	Maltese language locale for Malta
nl_BE@euro/ISO-8859-15	Dutch language locale for Belgium with Euro
nl_BE@euro/UTF-8	Dutch language locale for Belgium with Euro
nl_BE/ISO-8859-1	Dutch language locale for Belgium
nl_BE/UTF-8	Dutch language locale for Belgium
nl_NL@euro/ISO-8859-15	Dutch language locale for the Netherlands with Euro
nl_NL@euro/UTF-8	Dutch language locale for the Netherlands with Euro
nl_NL/ISO-8859-1	Dutch language locale for the Netherlands
nl_NL/UTF-8	Dutch language locale for the Netherlands
nn_NO/ISO-8859-1	Nynorsk language locale for Norway
nn_NO/UTF-8	Nynorsk language locale for Norway
no_NO/ISO-8859-1	Norwegian language locale for Norway
no_NO/UTF-8	Norwegian language locale for Norway
oc_FR/ISO-8859-1	Occitan language locale for France
oc_FR/UTF-8	Occitan language locale for France
pl_PL/ISO-8859-2	Polish language locale for Poland
pl_PL/UTF-8	Polish language locale for Poland
pt_BR/ISO-8859-1	Portuguese language locale for Brasil
pt_BR/UTF-8	Portuguese language locale for Brasil
pt_PT@euro/ISO-8859-15	Portuguese language locale for Portugal with Euro
pt_PT@euro/UTF-8	Portuguese language locale for Portugal with Euro
pt_PT/ISO-8859-1	Portuguese language locale for Portugal
pt_PT/UTF-8	Portuguese language locale for Portugal
ro_RO/ISO-8859-2	Romanian language locale for Romania
ro_RO/UTF-8	Romanian language locale for Romania
ru_RU/ISO-8859-5	Russian language locale for Russia
ru_RU/KOI8-R		Russian language locale for Russia
ru_RU/UTF-8		Russian language locale for Russia
ru_RU/UTF-8	Russian language locale for Russia
ru_UA/KOI8-U		Russian language locale for Ukraine
ru_UA/UTF-8		Russian language locale for Ukraine
sk_SK/ISO-8859-2	Slovak language locale for Slovak
sk_SK/UTF-8	Slovak language locale for Slovak
sl_SI/ISO-8859-2	Slovenian language locale for Slovenia
sl_SI/UTF-8	Slovenian language locale for Slovenia
sq_AL/ISO-8859-1	Albanian language locale for Albania
sq_AL/UTF-8	Albanian language locale for Albania
sr_YU@cyrillic/ISO-9959-5	Serbian language locale for Yugoslavia
sr_YU@cyrillic/UTF-8	Serbian language locale for Yugoslavia
sr_YU/ISO-8859-2	Serbian language locale for Yugoslavia
sr_YU/UTF-8	Serbian language locale for Yugoslavia
sv_FI@euro/ISO-8859-15	Swedish language locale for Finalnd with Euro
sv_FI@euro/UTF-8	Swedish language locale for Finalnd with Euro
sv_FI/ISO-8859-1	Swedish language locale for Finland
sv_FI/UTF-8	Swedish language locale for Finland
sv_SE/ISO-8859-1	Swedish language locale for Sweden
sv_SE/UTF-8	Swedish language locale for Sweden
ta_IN/UTF-8		Tamil language locale for India
te_IN/UTF-8		Telgu language locale for India
tg_TJ/KOI8-T		Tajik language locale for Tajikistan
tg_TJ/UTF-8		Tajik language locale for Tajikistan
th_TH/TIS-620		Thai language locael for Thailand
th_TH/UTF-8		Thai language locael for Thailand
tl_PH/ISO-8859-1	Tagalog language loclae for Philipines
tl_PH/UTF-8	Tagalog language loclae for Philipines
tr_TR/ISO-8859-9	Turkish language locale for Turkey
tr_TR/UTF-8	Turkish language locale for Turkey
uk_UA/KOI8-U		Ukrainian language locale for Ukraine
uk_UA/UTF-8		Ukrainian language locale for Ukraine
ur_PK/UTF-8		Urdu language locale for Pakistan
uz_UZ/ISO-8859-1	Uzbek language locale for Uzbekistan
uz_UZ/UTF-8	Uzbek language locale for Uzbekistan
vi_VN/UTF-8		Vietnamese language locale for Vietnam
yi_US/CP1255		Yiddish language locale
yi_US/UTF-8		Yiddish language locale
zh_CN/GB18030		Chinese language locale for China
zh_CN/GB2312		Chinese language locale for China
zh_CN/GBK		Chinese language locale for China
zh_CN/UTF-8		Chinese language locale for China
zh_HK/BIG5-HKSCS	Chinese language locale for Hong Kong
zh_HK/UTF-8	Chinese language locale for Hong Kong
zh_TW/BIG5		Chinese language locale for Taiwan
zh_TW/EUC-TW		Chinese language locale for Taiwan
zh_TW/UTF-8		Chinese language locale for Taiwan
