         VERSION=1.0.0RC2
     SOURCE_HASH='sha512:fa7413b8ea9938ae20e6f9d0c23a041f0592f224b0b175a41981d7c78f504baf57a18f9f5e16599310310bfd030040f3f263ed49bc3e56f70d908ec2f462f213'
         UPDATED=20051125
           SPELL=pear-db_dataobject_formbuilder
    PEAR_PACKAGE=DB_DataObject_FormBuilder
        WEB_SITE=http://pear.php.net/package/DB_DataObject_FormBuilder/
      LICENSE[0]=PHP
        KEYWORDS="php"
           SHORT='PEAR: Class to automatically build HTML_QuickForm'
cat << EOF
DB_DataObject_FormBuilder will aid you in rapid
application development using the packages
DB_DataObject and HTML_QuickForm. For having a
quick but working prototype of your
application, simply model the database, run
DataObject's createTable script over it and
write a script that passes one of the resulting
objects to the FormBuilder class. The
FormBuilder will automatically generate a
simple but working HTML_QuickForm object that
you can use to test your application. It also
provides a processing method that will
automatically detect if an insert() or update()
command has to be executed after the form has
been submitted. If you have set up DataObject's
links.ini file correctly, it will also
automatically detect if a table field is a
foreign key and will populate a selectbox with
the linked table's entries. There are many
optional parameters that you can place in your
DataObjects.ini or in the properties of your
derived classes, that you can use to fine-tune
the form-generation, gradually turning the
prototypes into fully-featured forms, and you
can take control at any stage of the process.
EOF

source  $SECTION_DIRECTORY/PEAR_DETAILS
