           SPELL=sb
         VERSION=1.5
          SOURCE=$SPELL.tar.Z
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL
   SOURCE_URL[0]=ftp://ftp.spambouncer.org/$SOURCE
          MD5[0]=192bb822dac53ea2a0b0b01b99d1aa83
   SOURCE_URL[1]=ftp://download.sourcemage.org/pub/linux/distributions/sourcemage/mirror/$SOURCE
          MD5[1]=${MD5[0]}
        WEB_SITE=http://www.spambouncer.org
         ENTERED=20020717
         UPDATED=20020717
      MAINTAINER=bluebird@optushome.com.au
         LICENSE=GPL
           SHORT="A procmail based spam filter and auto LART"
cat << EOF

What Does the SpamBouncer Do?

The SpamBouncer is a set of procmail recipes, or
instructions, which search the headers and text of your
incoming email to see if it meets one or more of the
following conditions:

* Originates from an email address known to belong to a
spammer.

* Originates from known spam source sites, domains or
hosts -- internet sites which exist solely or primarily to
spam or provide services to spammers.

* Originates from irresponsible, or rogue, Internet
Service Providers (ISPs), who permit spamming from
their sites and fail to take appropriate action against
spammers.

* Was sent using a bulk email program whose only or
primary purpose is to send large quantities of junk email.

* Contains headers which match the SpamBouncer's profile
of definite or probable spam.

* Contains body text strings which match the SpamBouncer's
profile of probable spam.

* Contains body text strings which match the SpamBouncer's
profile of a particular virus or class of viruses.

The SpamBouncer sorts suspected spam into three categories
-- email sent by a virus, email from known spam sources
which is definitely spam, and email which is probably
spam, but might also be legitimate. It then tags
each email with appropriate headers for the spam
classification, and responds according to the parameters
you have set.

EOF
